c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\CPPAPI.dll.config
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\CPPAPI.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\CPPAPI.pdb
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\obj\Release\CPPAPI.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\obj\Release\CPPAPI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\obj\Release\CPPAPI.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\obj\Release\CPPAPI.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CPPAPI\CPPAPI\obj\Release\CPPAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
